I don't want just one you that you are
retarded so yeah fucking meatball pass
the puck blue goodness the fuck do you
mean I just walked in and took a great
shot with the first time we had me open
in the middle listen don't fucking are
good to stop arguing did this past year
I felt so hey look at that time a
commute and it goes into the net when I
was blue could have done that before I
gotta keep doing what I'm doing no you
don't you but fucking play your position
but your father besides you never shut
along other grain positions we already
have a goal which is resulted in my
place hitter and you're an idiot joke
play defense what are you doing your
defense too you're supposed to be
playing for your position yeah which is
left fucking way the one haven't you
scoid yet dude that oh my god you're a
fucking clown door shut up you take the
park up like an idiot every time I hope
he had the puck once this scheme and I
screwed on that no you haven't shut your
mouth one goal without your mom you have
you don't even have one opportunity shut
up mm well I won't have a ghoul if I
didn't have an opportunity sir oh my god
us is so stupid dude you're one of those
stupid kids start moving I'm trying to
play mine in greens position the entire
game you're just in the fucking way make
you really hot girl that's the reason
you're a fucking called it you're an
idiot shut up how does you wouldn't pass
it on that first play oh my god you
listen tail I don't even want to hear
your voice to shut up and play lefty why
don't you play left wing and stop trying
to but you're a mind
you're always back on new pens because
you that's what people do yeah you're
not playing your position so I have to
play your position judge you're an idiot
I'm playing defense cuz you walk like a
fucking Paulo for right now you know
should be what be right now teyla's
stone to shit in his parents mission is
it really hurting the team always would
the only goal no it's not no it's not a
nutty but right now you're not even a
fucking lefty that's the problem then
how am i hurting the team uses okay back
oh my fucking danger like I told you to
you said I'm not hurting the team though
oh my god dude uh three others are not I
don't care about your gold or just play
d I can't play forward cuz i know that i
have to fucking get back on Lefty cuz
you're an idiot not playing it well you
have to hear because I have the only
goal for the team George I don't care
what you think or say shut your mouth
shut right now my name is all fell shut
him off ah no what are you up there dude
your own eyes what are you doing just
calm down and play your position but
you'll play your position der where are
you all right cuz I just walk in rows
below the one will just say I guess I'm
fucking trying to play a game good well
you're not good at it if you're trying
to play the inning now what do you mean
to go inside you're not good if you're
trying to play a game right now alright
so what am I trying to play then what am
I supposed to be doing that you know
playing with myself to it I'm sorry I
got a fucking fiance that does that for
me buddy what do you have your mother's
left hand you should be playing in
position that's what you should be doing
I guess we don't you know like this is
what I'm talking about you pass the
bucket like you're fucking annoying dude
I would come to your house and kill you
right now if I could to give me your
address that I'll final for complaining
i'll kill you I will take your weed I'll
fuck your mom
and then I'll kill her let's go well
you're not passed with a plug to and
you're not passing it to me so what's
the point so what are you doing dude I'm
fucking wide open yeah I do a penalty
that's what I'm doing so what are you
going dude I guess incident such a loser
come on dude uncle fucking time for this
shit get you know I got a fucking thank
all the real life well do you know what
that is if you had a life you and be
playing with you oh my god dude that
just sounds so stupid dude the only way
you don't have a life do another game
till I hope you die of a horrible death
you're accusing me oh my god oh you know
you're annoying good I'm went out of
this game Joe this I hope you win the
game view from your fat Porto Rican
cousin and bleed out your dick for the
rest of your life yeah dude from you
cousin meaning meaning fucking recado
not fucking a girl he's talking about a
cousin fucking guy that doesn't make
sense it does somebody breaks a
ground-level window and you happen to
trip over your own tied shoelace and
getting paled through the eyes with
chards of glass I was it was good to
play with you guys did I can't I can't
do this anymore it was good to play with
you two I hope she'll die of HIV yeah I
know dude no I hope I hope someone just
fucking Jessica brightness mouth dead
and then writing this bottle but pothole
first till I hope you get throw cancer
and then get fucking rape through your
trachea why would you hope that on a
person that doesn't meet says you're a
fucking scumbag and you said you had it
dumbass you didn't get it don't talk to
me dude what the fuck man you wouldn't
talk to me if I was in front of you got
fucking
you said you had it on the fuck down he
fucking stole the puck rh on the fuck up